
# A11y Strike Team Notes

## Agenda

- [x] update: website proposal (Frédéric)
- [x] update/demo: RFC for `lang=xx` flag (Jamie, Ava, Joseph)
- [x] discussion: inputs+labels (esp in template-only components)
- [x] update: GAAD
- [x] next week

## Attendees (name/discord handle)

- [x] Melanie Sumner (Melanie#1618)
- [x] Robert Jackson (rwjblue)
- [ ] Jen Weber	(jenweber)
- [ ] Amy Lam (amyrlam) 
- [ ] Abhilash (abhilashlr)
- [x] Frédéric Soumare	(hakilebara)
- [x] Emmanuel Patrick	(the-bionic)
- [ ] Eric Kelly
- [x] Lennex Zinyando	(zinyando)
- [ ] John Costanzo	(jrock2004#8583)
- [x] Rajasegar	(rajasegar)
- [ ] Praskovia	(Praskovia#1618)
- [ ] Seema Shariat	(seemajune)
- [x] Benjamin JEGARD	(@Benjamin JEGARD#7530) 
- [x] Steve Szczecina	(steveszc)
- [x] Jamie White	(jgwhite#2348)
- [x] Ava Gaiety Wroten (Gaiety) 
- [x] Joseph Sumner	(Joseph#3648)

Guests
- Lenora Porter
- Chris Garrett
- Ricardo Mendes

(add yourself here if you attend)

## Discussion Notes

### website
- reviewed Figma prototype
- concerns around longevity
- could we add strike teams to the team page? 
- should the a11y strike team become a working group? 
- reviewed what Rust does
- will chat in Discord channel about next steps, but want to ship a landing page ASAP

### update: `lang` attribute

- reviewed prototype (code: https://github.com/josephdsumner/ember-cli/compare/master...josephdsumner:ember-new-lang)
- discussed language vs lang
- discussed ISO codes: outsourcing validation & code(s) formatting
- RFC should be in draft status in the next week or two

### input + label
- reviewed last week's notes (https://github.com/ember-a11y/core-notes/blob/ember-a11y/ember-a11y/2020-04/april-29.md#id-helper)
- reviewed ember-component-pattern writeup on inputs (https://emberjs-1.gitbook.io/ember-component-patterns/form-components/input)
- guid vs random number generator
- possible to have template-only input components? 
- team members will comment on current addons to guide implementation

### GAAD
- blog idea list in [ember-blog]() repo, strike team members are encouraged to pick one of the topics from the list and submit a PR about the topic

## Next Meeting Agenda
No meeting next week. Members are encouraged to meet in smaller groups to make progress on strike team items. Next meeting will be May 20th.

------------------------------------------------
Changes? Corrections? Please submit a PR. 
