# A11y Working Group Notes

- Where: Zoom [Link](https://linkedin.zoom.us/j/99486993411?pwd=TG96UFlKeGZxQldveW5kQlJRQmVYUT09)
- When: September 17, 2020 - https://meetingzone.app/utc/thursday/1800/
- Discord channel: #dev-ember-a11y

## Agenda
- [ ] what day/time works for everyone?
- [ ] update on active RFCs
- [ ] ember-a11y org/repo maintenance plans
- [ ] working on new linting rules

<!-- if you have an agenda item, submit a PR to add it here! -->

## Attendees (name/discord handle)

### Attendees

- [ ] Melanie Sumner (Melanie#1618)
- [ ] Robert Jackson (rwjblue)
- [ ] Joseph Sumner	(Joseph#3648)
- [ ] Rajasegar	(rajasegar)
- [ ] Abhilash (abhilashlr)
- [ ] Praskovia	(Praskovia#1618)
- [ ] Jamie White	(jgwhite#2348)
- [ ] Ava Gaiety Wroten (Gaiety) 
- [ ] Frédéric Soumare	(hakilebara)
- [ ] Emmanuel Patrick	(the-bionic)
- [ ] Eric Kelly
- [ ] Lennex Zinyando	(zinyando)
- [ ] John Costanzo	(jrock2004#8583)
- [ ] Seema Shariat	(seemajune)
- [ ] Benjamin JEGARD	(@Benjamin JEGARD#7530) 
- [ ] Steve Szczecina	(steveszc)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (locks)
- [ ] Lenora Porter 

<!-- want to join? Add yourself to this list! -->

## Discussion Notes






------------------------------------------------
Changes? Corrections? Please submit a PR. 
