# A11y Strike Team Notes

## Agenda
- https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/issues/595
- discussion for this week: Inputs and Labels

## Attendees (name/discord handle)

- [x] Melanie Sumner (Melanie#1618)
- [x] Robert Jackson	(rwjblue)
- [x] Sivakumar Kailasam	(@Siva#0622)
- [x] Jen Weber	(jenweber)
- [ ] Amy Lam	(amyrlam)
- [x] Abhilash (abhilashlr)
- [ ] Frédéric	(hakilebara)
- [x] Emmanuel Patrick	(the-bionic)
- [x] Lennex Zinyando	(zinyando)
- [ ] John Costanzo	(jrock2004#8583)
- [x] Rajasegar	(rajasegar)
- [x] Praskovia	(Praskovia#1618)
- [ ] Seema Shariat	(seemajune)
- [x] Benjamin JEGARD	(@Benjamin JEGARD#7530) 
- [x] Steve Szczecina	(steveszc)
- [ ] Jamie White	(jgwhite#2348)
- [x] Ava Gaiety Wroten (Gaiety) 
- [x] Joseph Sumner	(Joseph#3648)

## Resulting TODOs

- [ ] Update API docs - describe using attributes
- [ ] Update guides to give more clarity on labels
- [ ] Testing - test helpers and provide an oob experience (this needs RFC) - how do we do internationalization?
- [ ] Building ID for the current template context RFC - test out with an add-on  - Steve & heroiceric, Emmanuel, Benjamin
- [x] Add [ember-component-patterns to an org](https://emberjs-1.gitbook.io/ember-component-patterns/) and invite interested strike team members to contribute

## Next Meeting Agenda

We will discuss page titles in Ember apps, and everyone is encouraged to this about this in advance. 
