# A11y Strike Team Notes

## Agenda
https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/issues/595
- [x] follow up on [label discussion](https://github.com/ember-a11y/core-notes/blob/ember-a11y/ember-a11y/2020-03/march-25.md)
- [x] discuss process for assigning todos
- [x] ember-a11y org
- [x] ember-a11y website
- [x] A11y Awareness Day

## Attendees (name/discord handle)

- [x] Melanie Sumner (Melanie#1618)
- [ ] Robert Jackson (rwjblue)
- [ ] Jen Weber	(jenweber)
- [ ] Abhilash (abhilashlr)
- [x] Frédéric Soumare	(hakilebara)
- [x] Emmanuel Patrick	(the-bionic)
- [ ] Eric Kelly
- [x] Lennex Zinyando	(zinyando)
- [ ] John Costanzo	(jrock2004#8583)
- [x] Rajasegar	(rajasegar)
- [ ] Praskovia	(Praskovia#1618)
- [ ] Seema Shariat	(seemajune)
- [x] Benjamin JEGARD	(@Benjamin JEGARD#7530) 
- [ ] Steve Szczecina	(steveszc)
- [x] Jamie White	(jgwhite#2348)
- [x] Ava Gaiety Wroten (Gaiety) 
- [x] Joseph Sumner	(Joseph#3648)
- [x] Amy Lam (amyrlam) 

## Discussion
- Testing helper RFC- semantic test helpers - try out the addon, and look at Ken's (React) library works
- Todo items should have people assigned to them going forward
- If you were committed to an item but won't get to it, it's totally fine to let Mel know 
- Contribute in the ways that interest you, reach out if you want direction or help

## Resulting TODOs
- [x] Melanie will follow up with Jamie on updating API docs (Mel, check for existing PR to review)
- [x] Rajasegar will follow up on the guides updates PRs
- [ ] Jamie will follow up with rwjblue on testing helper RFC
- [ ] Everyone who is able- please try out semantic test helpers addon - please try to form opinions about it (next week, or later, we will follow up as a group)
- [ ] Reach out to semantic-test-helpers addon author to see if they are open to help with maintaining (Jamie)
- [x] Melanie will follow up with (team) working on current-context-id addon
- [x] Melanie to follow up on guides updates PRs and answer Jen's questions
- [ ] Frederic ember-a11y.com website- think about purpose, goals, etc. Let group know when you are ready to propose a plan, and we'll put it on the agenda. 
- [x] Everyone: think about A11y awareness day- if we had one message for the community, what should it be? Also what _else_ could we do? please come prepared for next week to talk about it, or talk in the discord channel.
- [x] Melanie will follow up with Rob on the page title work

## Next Meeting Agenda
- follow up on the TODOs
- discuss Default Language Declaration ([Point #4 in RFC issue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/issues/595))

------------------------------------------------
Changes? Corrections? Please submit a PR. 
