# A11y Strike Team Notes

## Agenda
- [ ] follow up on the TODOs
- [ ] discuss Default Language Declaration ([Point #4 in RFC issue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/issues/595))
- [ ] update? ember-a11y website
- [ ] update? id addon
- [ ] discuss ideas for A11y Awareness Day

## Attendees (name/discord handle)

- [ ] Melanie Sumner (Melanie#1618)
- [ ] Robert Jackson (rwjblue)
- [ ] Jen Weber	(jenweber)
- [ ] Amy Lam (amyrlam) 
- [ ] Abhilash (abhilashlr)
- [ ] Frédéric Soumare	(hakilebara)
- [ ] Emmanuel Patrick	(the-bionic)
- [ ] Eric Kelly (heroiceric)
- [ ] Lennex Zinyando	(zinyando)
- [ ] John Costanzo	(jrock2004#8583)
- [ ] Rajasegar	(rajasegar)
- [ ] Praskovia	(Praskovia#1618)
- [ ] Seema Shariat	(seemajune)
- [ ] Benjamin JEGARD	(@Benjamin JEGARD#7530) 
- [ ] Steve Szczecina	(steveszc)
- [ ] Jamie White	(jgwhite#2348)
- [ ] Ava Gaiety Wroten (Gaiety) 
- [ ] Joseph Sumner	(Joseph#3648)


## Discussion
- 

## Resulting TODOs
- [ ] 

## Next Meeting Agenda
- follow up on the TODOs



------------------------------------------------
Changes? Corrections? Please submit a PR. 
