# A11y Strike Team Notes

- Where: Zoom Link: https://linkedin.zoom.us/j/954393219
- When: June 17, 2020 - https://meetingzone.app/utc/wednesday/1600/

## Agenda
- [x] RFC for interactive way to create new apps is submitted: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/638 
- [x] TODO: Write up guidance for inputs and labels (blog post?)
- [x] TODO: RFC to add `ember-page-title` to blueprint
- [x] TODO: write up issue re: `...attributes`
- [x] Discussion: Working Group

## Attendees (name/discord handle)

- [x] Melanie Sumner (Melanie#1618)
- [ ] Robert Jackson (rwjblue)
- [x] Joseph Sumner	(Joseph#3648)
- [x] Rajasegar	(rajasegar)
- [x] Abhilash (abhilashlr)
- [ ] Praskovia	(Praskovia#1618)
- [ ] Amy Lam (amyrlam) 
- [x] Jamie White	(jgwhite#2348)
- [x] Ava Gaiety Wroten (Gaiety) 
- [ ] Frédéric Soumare	(hakilebara)
- [ ] Emmanuel Patrick	(the-bionic)
- [ ] Eric Kelly
- [ ] Lennex Zinyando	(zinyando)
- [ ] John Costanzo	(jrock2004#8583)
- [ ] Seema Shariat	(seemajune)
- [x] Benjamin JEGARD	(@Benjamin JEGARD#7530) 
- [ ] Steve Szczecina	(steveszc)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (locks)
- [x] Lenora Porter 

## Discussion Notes
- article re: inputs and labels
  - addon (ember-context-id-helper)
  - ember-component-pattern reference
  - ember-template-lint rule
  - maybe? reference the PR on the test helpers repo (check with Rob & Steve Calvert) 
  - Jamie and Joseph will work on the article to ship by the end of June, Ben will help review.
- RFC to add `ember-page-title` to the default blueprint- Ben will work on it and others will help review.
- Issue re: `...attributes` - Mel will do this.
- Working Group for Digital Accessibility: We will form a working group. Initial members (Ben, Joseph, Ava, Lenora, Jamie, Rajasegar, Abhilash & Melanie) will be added to the ember-a11y org and next steps will be to define goals, responsibilities, etc.)

Working Group possible TODO list: 
- maintain addons in ember-a11y org (also add a separate org in NPM)
- review addons for viability
- what rules can we add to ember-template-lint specifically related to a11y?
- ensuring that RFCs consider digital accessibility
- update/expand accessible component patterns to [ember-component-patterns](https://emberjs-1.gitbook.io/ember-component-patterns/)
- make sure that the guides are accessible themselves and also contain best practices for accessibility
- audit Ember websites and provide feedback to the website working group
- blog posts that provide practical advice for making existing apps accessible
- audit to gather existing accessibility guidance
- work with Ember Times group to get articles included
- Lenora will explore - Ember Accessibility YouTube videos?
- Ava & Lenora will do some brainstorming re: graphics and illustrations and ideas forward
- idea: use Super rentals as an example to show how an Ember app can be used with a screen reader

## Next Meeting Agenda
Wrap up the strike team and talk about any next steps. 

------------------------------------------------
Changes? Corrections? Please submit a PR. 
