# A11y Strike Team Notes

- Where: Zoom Link: https://linkedin.zoom.us/j/954393219
- When: June 3, 2020 - https://meetingzone.app/utc/wednesday/1600/

## Agenda
- [x] update on `--lang` flag RFC- leave comments!
- [x] context-id-helper, new version, still working on template-only Glimmer components (Ben)
- [x] update on website work
- [x] update on what comes next

## Attendees (name/discord handle)

### Attendees

- [x] Melanie Sumner (Melanie#1618)
- [ ] Robert Jackson (rwjblue)
- [ ] Joseph Sumner	(Joseph#3648)
- [x] Rajasegar	(rajasegar)
- [x] Abhilash (abhilashlr)
- [ ] Praskovia	(Praskovia#1618)
- [ ] Amy Lam (amyrlam) 
- [x] Jamie White	(jgwhite#2348)
- [x] Ava Gaiety Wroten (Gaiety) 
- [x] Frédéric Soumare	(hakilebara)
- [ ] Emmanuel Patrick	(the-bionic)
- [ ] Eric Kelly
- [ ] Lennex Zinyando	(zinyando)
- [ ] John Costanzo	(jrock2004#8583)
- [ ] Seema Shariat	(seemajune)
- [x] Benjamin JEGARD	(@Benjamin JEGARD#7530) 
- [x] Steve Szczecina	(steveszc)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (locks)
- [x] Lenora Porter 

## Discussion Notes

Short meeting today (30 minutes)

- Frédéric is having some issues using ember-styleguide, but working directly with Chris Manson to resolve. Will let us know if he can't resolve within the next few days and we'll troubleshoot further. 
- Ben is working on the context-id-helper; Mel will try to get him some 1-1 time with folks who might be able to help him progress. 
- We have three next pieces of work; folks should let Mel know in #st-a11y if are interested in helping with any of them: 
  - Godfrey is willing to look at the `...attributes` problem if we write up an issue explaining what the problems are and what the solution criteria are (from an a11y perspective)
  - We will propose ember-page-title be added to the default blueprint for new Ember apps
  - Mel will start a group to work on the new ember app wizard RFC
- Reviewed the Ember RFC process, potential timeline for FCP and merge. Discussed being encouraged by the comments that the MVP wasn't "enough" accessibility and that the trend was encouraging in general. 
- Thank you to Rajasegar for working on ember-template-linting rules that relate to accessibility!
- Lenora called out a thank you for the blackout on the Ember home page. 


## Next Meeting Agenda
TBD


------------------------------------------------
Changes? Corrections? Please submit a PR. 
