# A11y Strike Team Notes

- Where: Zoom Link: https://linkedin.zoom.us/j/954393219
- When: June 17, 2020 - https://meetingzone.app/utc/wednesday/1600/

## Agenda
- [x] status update on [strike team issue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/issues/595)
  - https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19026
  - ember-page-title RFC
  - input blog post
  - https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/issues/612 - next steps?
- [x] wrap up strike team, set next meeting for working group

## Attendees (name/discord handle)

- [x] Melanie Sumner (Melanie#1618)
- [x] Robert Jackson (rwjblue)
- [x] Joseph Sumner	(Joseph#3648)
- [x] Rajasegar	(rajasegar)
- [x] Abhilash (abhilashlr)
- [ ] Praskovia	(Praskovia#1618)
- [ ] Amy Lam (amyrlam) 
- [x] Jamie White	(jgwhite#2348)
- [x] Ava Gaiety Wroten (Gaiety) 
- [ ] Frédéric Soumare	(hakilebara)
- [ ] Emmanuel Patrick	(the-bionic)
- [ ] Eric Kelly
- [x] Lennex Zinyando	(zinyando)
- [ ] John Costanzo	(jrock2004#8583)
- [ ] Seema Shariat	(seemajune)
- [x] Benjamin JEGARD	(@Benjamin JEGARD#7530) 
- [ ] Steve Szczecina	(steveszc)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (locks)
- [x] Lenora Porter 

## Discussion Notes
- reviewed where we are on initiatives. still in progress:
  - Benjamin will have draft RFC for adding ember-page-title to the default blueprint by late this week, early next week
  - Steve's pre-rfc (id helpers) still needs some work in the framework core team to find the right path forward
  - Joseph/Ava/Jamie will have draft for blog post soon
  - `...attributes` issue is filed but it's clear that it will need a re-think at a broader level.
- had retrospective on strike team (how it went, what could be improved). Feedback was that the work was well-scoped and organized, but that the way to participate or join the strike team itself wasn't too clear if you missed the initial call to participate. We discussed how to improve this at an org level. 
- strike team is now a working group, and will meet again in 3 weeks to start defining the next work and future initiatives.
- all participants were encouraged to start thinking about EmberConf 2021 and what those talk proposals could look like! 


------------------------------------------------
Changes? Corrections? Please submit a PR. 
